# Theming- [Theming](#theming)

- [Theming- Theming](#theming--theming)
    - [Technology](#technology)
    - [Debugging](#debugging)
    - [Available themes](#available-themes)

## More info about the  theming

Consult the Readme file of any theme generated by rocketship_theme_generator module. Those should contain all the information you need about theming (fonts, gulp, …).

## Debugging

You can add your own development settings to `sites/environments/local.services.yml`.  
This file is linked from within `etc/drupal/additional_settings.local.php` 
because the default development.services.yml gets overwritten when composer 
update is run.

Recommended settings:

<pre>twig.config:
    debug: true
    auto_reload: true
    cache: false #might not actually work, there's something funky with cache and twig
</pre>

- If you are using PHPStorm and have set up xdebug, installing `twig_xdebug` 
module makes it easy to debug twig templates.
- Using `twig_vardumper` + `vardumper` modules, is the easiest way to spy on 
twig content and variables. This will let you print twig stuff in the template
, in a cleaner and more readable way than kint or dpm will.  
- Trying to dump variables using devel or dpm, might actually break your site 
trying to load all that Drupal data. So avoid using it
- If you do need to use kint for some reason, make sure 'devel kint' is 
installed.

## Available themes

At point of writing, We have 2 options to generate themes for Rocketship, if you are using Rocketship Core + the Rocketship theme generator:
- `starter` (for Solutions projects)
- `flex` (for Flex projects)

If your site has been installed following the Rocketship install profile, you should have either a 'starter' or a 'flex' theme in your `themes/custom` folder to work from.  
If not:
- you can refer to the `rocketship_theme_generator` module for info on how to generate a theme
- or you can just add one of your own themes instead.
